API: espi: Add API for Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (#15953)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/espi/README.rst

.. espi-sample:

Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface
####################################

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates how to use the Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface
(eSPI) API.
It shows how to configure and select eSPI controller capabilities as part of
a simple eSPI handshake that includes exchanging virtual wire packets.

Standard platform signals are sent virtual wire packets over the bus.
Callbacks are registered that will write to the console indicating main
eSPI events and when a virtual wire is received.

Building and Running
********************

The sample can be built and executed on boards supporting eSPI.

> Any pins required for minimum eSPI handshake should be configured

Reviewer: add period

.. espi-sample:

Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface
####################################

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates how to use the Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface
(eSPI) API.

> Indicating how to configure/select controller capabilities as part of simplest

Reviewer 2: Write as a complete sentence:
```
It shows how to configure and select controller capabilities as part of a simple
eSPI handshake that includes exchanging virtual wire packets.
```

eSPI handshake that includes exchange of virtual wire packets.

> Standard platform signals are sent virtual wire packets over the bus and

Reviewer 2: How about:
```
Standard platform signals are sent as virtual wire packets over the bus.
Callbacks are registered that will write to the console indicating main
eSPI events and when a virtual wire is received from the master.
```

some callbacks are registered to indicate main eSPI events and when
virtual wire is received from master through output to the console.

Building and Running
********************

> The sample can be built and executed on boards supporting eSPI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample can be built and executed on boards supporting eSPI.
```

> If any pins are required for minimum eSPI handshake these can be configured

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any pins required for minimum eSPI handshake should be configured
```

by Kconfig.

Sample output
=============

.. code-block:: console

   Hello eSPI test!
   eSPI test - I/O initialization...complete
   eSPI slave configured successfully!
   eSPI test - callbacks initialization... complete
   eSPI test - callbacks registration... complete
   eSPI test - Power initialization...complete
   eSPI test - Handshake
   eSPI BUS reset 0
   VW channel is ready

   PLT_RST changed 1
        1st phase completed
        2nd phase completed
        3rd phase completed

> note:: The values shown above might differ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
note:: The values shown above might differ on your board.
```
